add new section on bypassing tx.origin==msg.sender check in moonbeam (#469)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: builders/get-started/eth-compare/security.md

For example, if Alice calls a function in contract A that then calls a function in contract B, when looking at the call to contract B, the `tx.origin` is Alice and the `msg.sender` is contract A.

You can use the [require function](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.17/control-structures.html#panic-via-assert-and-error-via-require){target=_blank} to compare the `tx.origin` and `msg.sender`. If they are the same address, you're ensuring that only EOAs can call the function. If the `msg.sender` is a contract address, an exception will be thrown.

```
function transferFunds(address payable _target) payable public {
    require(tx.origin == msg.sender);
    _target.call{value: msg.value};
}
```

> On Ethereum, you can use this check to ensure that a given contract function can only be called once by an EOA. This is because on Ethereum, EOAs can only interact with a contract once per transaction. However, on Moonbeam, **this check can be bypassed** as EOAs can interact with a contract multiple times at once through the [batch](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/batch){target=_blank} and [call permit](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/call-permit){target=_blank} precompiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ethereum, you can use this check to ensure that a given contract function can only be called once by an EOA. This is because on Ethereum, EOAs can only interact with a contract once per transaction. However, **this is not the case** on Moonbeam, as EOAs can interact with a contract multiple times at once through the [batch](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/batch){target=_blank} and [call permit](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/call-permit){target=_blank} precompiles.
```
